faq: update dm docs and add 4 FAQs (#593)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/faq.md

You need to check whether the [safe mode](glossary.md#safe-mode) is automatically enabled for the task. If the task is automatically resumed after an error, or if there is high availability scheduling, then the safe mode is enabled because it is within 5 minutes after the task is started or resumed.

You can check the DM-worker log file and search for a line containing `change count`. If the `new count` in the line is not zero, the safe mode is enabled. To find out why it is enabled, check when it happens and if any errors are reported before.

## In DM v2.0, why does the full import task fail if DM restarts during the task?

In DM v2.0.1 and lower versions, if DM restarts before the full import completes, the bindings between upstream data sources and DM-worker nodes might change. For example, it is possible that the intermediate data of the dump unit is on DM-worker node A but the load unit is run by DM-worker node B, thus causing the operation to fail.

> Following are two solutions to this issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are two solutions to this issue:
```

> - If the data volume is small (less than 1 TB) or the task merges sharded tables, you need to take these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the data volume is small (less than 1 TB) or the task merges sharded tables, take these steps:
```

    1. Clean up the imported data in the downstream database.
    2. Remove all files in the directory of exported data.
    3. Delete the task using dmctl and run the command `start-task --remove-meta` to create a new task.

>     After the new task starts, it is recommended to ensure that there is no redundant DM worker node and avoid restarting or upgrading the DM cluster during this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After the new task starts, it is recommended to ensure that there is no redundant DM worker node and avoid restarting or upgrading the DM cluster during the full import task.
```

> - If the data volume is large (more than 1 TB), you need to take these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the data volume is large (more than 1 TB), take these steps:
```

    1. Clean up the imported data in the downstream database.
    2. Deploy TiDB-Lightning to the DM worker nodes that process the data.
    3. Use the Local-backend mode of TiDB-Lightning to import data that DM dump units export.
    4. After the full import completes, edit the task configuration file in the following ways and restart the task:
        - Change `task-mode` to `incremental`.
        - Set the value of `mysql-instance.meta.pos` to the position recorded in the metadata file that the dump unit outputs.

## Why does DM report the error `ERROR 1236 (HY000): The slave is connecting using CHANGE MASTER TO MASTER_AUTO_POSITION = 1, but the master has purged binary logs containing GTIDs that the slave requires.` if it restarts during an incremental task?

This error indicates that the upstream binlog position recorded in the metadata file output by the dump unit has been purged during the full migration.

If this issue occurs, you need to pause the task, delete all migrated data in the downstream database, and start a new task with the `--remove-meta` option.

> You can avoid this issue in advance by configuring in the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can avoid this issue in advance by making the following configurations:
```

1. Increase the value of `expire_logs_days` in the upstream MySQL database to avoid wrongly purging needed binlog files before the full migration task completes. If the data volume is large, it is recommended to use dumpling and TiDB-Lightning at the same time to speed up the task.
2. Enable the relay log feature for this task so that DM can read data from relay logs even though the binlog position is purged.

> ## Why does the Grafana dashboard of a DM cluster displays `failed to fetch dashboard` if the cluster is deployed through TiUP v1.3.0 or v1.3.1?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why does the Grafana dashboard of a DM cluster displays `failed to fetch dashboard` if the cluster is deployed using TiUP v1.3.0 or v1.3.1?
```

> This is a known bug of TiUP, which is fixed in TiUP v1.3.2. Following are two solutions to this issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a known bug of TiUP, which is fixed in TiUP v1.3.2. The following are two solutions to this issue:
```

> - Method one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Solution one:
```

>     1. Upgrade TiUP to a higher version using the command `tiup update --self && tiup update dm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Upgrade TiUP to a later version using the command `tiup update --self && tiup update dm`.
```

    2. Scale in and then scale out Grafana nodes in the cluster to restart the Grafana service.

> - Method two:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Solution two:
```

    1. Back up the `deploy/grafana-$port/bin/public` folder.
    2. Download the [TiUP DM offline package](https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-dm-v2.0.1-linux-amd64.tar.gz) and unpack it.
    3. Unpack the `grafana-v4.0.3-**.tar.gz` in the offline package.
    4. Replace the folder `deploy/grafana-$port/bin/public` with the `public` folder in `grafana-v4.0.3-**.tar.gz`.
    5. Execute `tiup dm restart $cluster_name -R grafana` to restart the Grafana service.

## In DM v2.0, why does the query result of the command `query-status` show that the Syncer checkpoint GTIDs are inconsecutive if the task has `enable-relay` and `enable-gtid` enabled at the same time?

This is a known bug in DM, which is fixed in DM v2.0.2. The bug is triggered when the following two conditions are fully met at the same time:

1. Parameters `enable-relay` and `enable-gtid` are set to `true` in the source configuration file.

> 2. The upstream database is a **MySQL secondary database** and if you execute the command `show binlog events in '<newest-binlog>' limit 2` to query the `previous_gtids` of the database, the result is inconsecutive, such as the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The upstream database is a **MySQL secondary database**. If you execute the command `show binlog events in '<newest-binlog>' limit 2` to query the `previous_gtids` of the database, the result is inconsecutive, such as the following example:
```

                        ...
                        "synced": false,
                        "binlogType": "local"
                    }
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            ...
            "sourceStatus": {
                "source": "mysql2",
                ...
                "relayStatus": {
                    "masterBinlog": "(mysql-bin.000007, 1979)",
                    "masterBinlogGtid": "ddb8974e-6064-11eb-8357-0242ac110002:1-25",
                    ...
                }
            },
            "subTaskStatus": [
                {
                    ...
                    "sync": {
                        "masterBinlog": "(mysql-bin.000007, 1979)",
                        "masterBinlogGtid": "ddb8974e-6064-11eb-8357-0242ac110002:1-25",
                        "syncerBinlog": "(mysql-bin|000001.000008, 1979)",
                        "syncerBinlogGtid": "ddb8974e-6064-11eb-8357-0242ac110002:1-25",
                        ...
                        "synced": true,
                        "binlogType": "local"
                    }
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

> In the above example, the `syncerBinlogGtid` of data source `mysql1` is inconsecutive. You can handle the data loss according to either of the following solutions:

Reviewer: 'either' is usually used when there are two options, but it seems that there are three solutions. 
```suggestion
In the example, the `syncerBinlogGtid` of the data source `mysql1` is inconsecutive. In this case, you can do one of the following to handle the data loss:
```

> - If upstream binlogs from current time to the position recorded in the metadata of the full export task have not been purged, you can take the these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If upstream binlogs from the current time to the position recorded in the metadata of the full export task have not been purged, you can take  these steps:
```

    1. Pause the current task and delete all data sources with inconsecutive GTIDs.
    2. Set `enable-relay` to `false` in all source configuration files.

>     3. For data sources with inconsecutive GTIDs (such as `mysql1` in the above example), change the task to an incremental task and configure related `mysql-instances.meta` with metadata information of each full export task, including the `binlog-name`, `binlog-pos`, and `binlog-gtid` information.

Reviewer: 这句原文里的“重启任务” 好像没有出现在翻译中。

Author: 这里中文的“重启任务”我理解就是指修改原来的 task.yaml 文件，在文件中进行各种参数配置。因为第 4 步也是在改 task.yaml 里面的一个配置值，所以应该是在第 4 步结束后，运行这个修改过后的 task.yaml 文件，开始增量复制，才算是实际意义上的“重启任务”。

麻烦 @lance6716 帮忙确认一下，如果是这样的话我在第 4 步最后加一下重启任务的描述。

Reviewer 2: 第一步停止任务（突然发现line 336不是Pause而是Stop）、第三步改任务配置文件、第四步改文件并启动任务、第五步停止任务改配置再启动

中文版文档也不太行啊……等英文版合并了，我按照修改后的英文版改一下

Author: Updated in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-dm/pull/593/commits/10972146014b1ae1e913df4f2a0d2d93ae8a82d8。 @qiancai PTAL again.

Reviewer: LGTM

>     1. Pause the current task and delete all data sources with inconsecutive GTIDs.
>     2. Set `enable-relay` to `false` in all source configuration files.
>     3. For data sources with inconsecutive GTIDs (such as `mysql1` in the above example), change the task to an incremental task and configure related `mysql-instances.meta` with metadata information of each full export task, including the `binlog-name`, `binlog-pos`, and `binlog-gtid` information.
>     4. Set `syncers.safe-mode` to `true` in `task.yaml` of the incremental task.
>     5. After the incremental task replicates all missing data to the downstream, restart the task and set `safe-mode` to `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
    1. Stop the current task and delete all data sources with inconsecutive GTIDs.
    2. Set `enable-relay` to `false` in all source configuration files.
    3. For data sources with inconsecutive GTIDs (such as `mysql1` in the above example), change the task to an incremental task and configure related `mysql-instances.meta` with metadata information of each full export task, including the `binlog-name`, `binlog-pos`, and `binlog-gtid` information.
    4. Set `syncers.safe-mode` to `true` in `task.yaml` of the incremental task and restart the task.
    5. After the incremental task replicates all missing data to the downstream, stop the task and change `safe-mode` to `false` in the `task.yaml`.
    6. Restart the task again.
```

@lance6716 PTAL

Reviewer 2: lgtm

- If upstream binlogs have been purged but local relay logs remain, you can take these steps:
    1. Pause the current task.

>     2. For data sources with inconsecutive GTIDs (such as `mysql1` in the above example), change the task to an incremental task and configure related `mysql-instances.meta` with metadata information of each full export task, including the `binlog-name`, `binlog-pos`, and `binlog-gtid` information.

Reviewer: 这句原文里的“重启任务” 好像没有出现在翻译中。

Author: 同 https://github.com/pingcap/docs-dm/pull/593/files#r612299902

>     1. Pause the current task.
>     2. For data sources with inconsecutive GTIDs (such as `mysql1` in the above example), change the task to an incremental task and configure related `mysql-instances.meta` with metadata information of each full export task, including the `binlog-name`, `binlog-pos`, and `binlog-gtid` information.
>     3. In the `task.yaml` of the incremental task, change the previous value of `binlog-gtid` to the previous value of `previous_gtids`. For the above example, change `1-y` to `6-y`.
>     4. Set `syncers.safe-mode` to `true` in the `task.yaml`.
>     5. After the incremental task replicates all missing data to the downstream, restart the task and set `safe-mode` to `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
    1. Stop the current task.
    2. For data sources with inconsecutive GTIDs (such as `mysql1` in the above example), change the task to an incremental task and configure related `mysql-instances.meta` with metadata information of each full export task, including the `binlog-name`, `binlog-pos`, and `binlog-gtid` information.
    3. In the `task.yaml` of the incremental task, change the previous value of `binlog-gtid` to the previous value of `previous_gtids`. For the above example, change `1-y` to `6-y`.
    4. Set `syncers.safe-mode` to `true` in the `task.yaml` and restart the task.
    5. After the incremental task replicates all missing data to the downstream, stop the task and change `safe-mode` to `false` in the `task.yaml`.
    6. Restart the task again.
```

    6. Restart the data source and set either `enable-relay` or `enable-gtid` to `false` in the source configuration file.

> - If none of the above conditions are met or if the data volume of the task is small, you can take these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If none of the above conditions is met or if the data volume of the task is small, you can take these steps:
```
